
Record date: 2073-08-21

XXXXXXX, 2073
 
 
Anish Sisodiya, M.D.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXk
New Delhi, India 110006
 
Re:  XXXXXXXXXXX
     MRn : XXXXXXX
 
Dear Anish:
 
I saw your patient, XXXXXXXXXXX, in the Cardiology office today
and he seems to be doing very well from a cardiovascular
perspective.  Apparently he has had guaiac positive stools and has
undergone a colonoscopy with the identification of four polyps. 
Three have been removed and he then had a GI bleed.  This has been
reevaluated and he has been stable.  The fourth polyp will need to
be removed at a later time.  At this point, his aspirin has been
discontinued for a number of days and the Lopid was also
discontinued apparently because of increased liver function tests. 
His current medications therefore include Lasix 40 mg per day,
Metoprolol 25 mg qd, Nifedipine XL 30 mg qd.  He is aware of a
belching and burping sensation after eating but otherwise no
exertional or other related symptoms.  He is reasonably active but
somewhat limited by his claudication.
 
On exam today, he is comfortable with a blood pressure of 130/70,
a heart rate of 65 and regular.  Head and neck were unremarkable. 
Chest is clear.  Cardiac exam showed no jugular venous distension
at 30 degrees.  PMI is normal.  S1 and S2 are normal with a
physiologic split.  There is an S4 and a I/VI systolic ejection
murmur at the left sternal border.  Abdominal exam was
unremarkable.  Extremities showed no edema or cyanosis.  
 
His resting 12-lead electrocardiogram demonstrates normal sinus
rhythm with left axis deviation and a nonspecific left
intraventricular conduction delay.
 
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX, M.D.


Re:  XXXXXXXXXXX
Phone number: XXXXXXXXXX
PAN number:XXXXXXXXXX
Url : XXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXX, 2073
Page 2
 
 
I think Mr. XXXXX is basically doing quite well.  It would be of
value to repeat an exercise test since he has not had one since
2069.  He had minimal ischemia at that time.  There are no symptoms
that would prompt cardiac catheterization at this point and we will
see how he does on the exercise test with the objective findings. 
 
 
If any problems develop, please don't hesitate to contact me. 
Thank you very much for allowing me to help with his care.
 
XXXXXXX personal regards.
 
Sincerely yours, XXXXXXXXXXX, M.D.
 
DD: 1973-08-21
DT: 1973-09-02
DV: 1973-08-21
MOL/troutman
 
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX,
Pimpri-Chinchwad, Maharashtra 411033 
 
 ******** Approved but not reviewed by Attending Provider ********
